A simple ChatGPT Assistant - For answering questions from an uploaded file

This video is about software that uses AI tools to create an customized assistant to answer questions about a file provided to it, such as a transcript from a business meeting.

I wrote this based on OpenAI's somewhat limited documentation and examples on their assistants API.  I also got a lot of help from tutorial videos from other users; I've linked them below.

Here is the program.
I'm using PyCharm as my development environment.

Talk through the summary

Talk thru the packages
OpenAI key stored in a text file

Next I will skip over the functions and go to the main body of the program first:
1 - first, we call the upload_file function, pointing to the path to the file
2 - next, we call the create_assistant function, providing the file we just uploaded
3 - This creates a new assistant with a newly uploaded file.  If you want to use an existing assistant and file, comment out those 2 lines and use these instead.  I'll show you how to get the assistant id later on
4 - Next we create a thread
5 - Then we start a loop that prompts the user for a question, and runs the assistant on that question.  The user can type exit to end the loop

Now we will go over the functions:
upload_file - uploads the file to OpenAI so your assistant can access it
create_assistant - gives your assistant a name, general instructions, tells it what type of assistant it is - in this case retrieval, meaning it is to retrieve information from the file, and links the file to the assistant
run_assistant - actually does several things:
- First, it creates a message in the existing thread with the message or question that the user entered.  The thread and the user question were created below in the main body of the program below.
- Next, it runs the assistant on the thread that now contains the new question from the user
- Then it monitors the assistant, reporting status every 2 seconds until completed
- When the assistant generates a response to the new question, it gets added as a new message to the thread
- Finally it displays the response to the question by extracting the messages from the thread and displaying them

Now let's run the program and ask a few questions.  I'm using the Union Pacific Q4 2023 earnings call transcript.
- Ask 2 questions from the transcript
- Ask a question for info not provided in the transcript